Data streams are subject to underlying layer's flow control (#204)
ietf-wg-masque/draft-ietf-masque-h3-datagram: draft-ietf-masque-h3-datagram.md

prioritization. For example, see {{Section 11 of
?PRIORITY=I-D.ietf-httpbis-priority}}.

Data streams are subject to the flow control mechanisms of the underlying layers

> (for example, HTTP/2 stream flow control, HTTP/2 connection flow control, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(for example, HTTP/2 stream flow control, HTTP/3 connection flow control, and
```

Author: more accurately said as QUIC connection flow control. David added these examples, not sure how comprehensive we want to be.

prioritization. For example, see {{Section 11 of
?PRIORITY=I-D.ietf-httpbis-priority}}.

Data streams are subject to the flow control mechanisms of the underlying

> layers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
layers (for example, HTTP/2 stream flow control, HTTP/2 connection flow control, and TCP flow control).
```

be sent on responses that use the Capsule Protocol. A receiver that observes a
violation of these requirements MUST treat the HTTP message as malformed.

> Receivers of capsules can read them from the data stream in a streaming fashion.

Reviewer 3: This reads a bit oddly — it seems to imply that receivers could choose to read them in some non-streaming fashion. What would that be? What is a streaming fashion, really?

Reviewer 3: Do you mean reading partial capsules?

Author: The idea is that an application might read capsule headers and then try to read the payload in a single lump, rather that stream it out to a memory buffer or straight to another IO destination.

Reading things as they arrive might be obvious to some implementers but I was trying to point out the approach to help the other points made

Reviewer 2: Yeah that's the intent. Maybe this text should mirror more closely what we have below in {{datagram-capsule}} since that's clearer

Reviewer 3: Yeah, the second instance of this text was clearer — a forward reference sounds better.

Author: the problem is that layer text is specific to DATAGRAM capsule, and here we talk about all of them, Let me try a little switcheroo I think might work

the implementation SHOULD discard the capsule without buffering its contents
into memory.

> Since QUIC DATAGRAM frames must be sent completely within a QUIC packet,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since QUIC DATAGRAM frames are required to fit within a QUIC packet,
```

implementations that reencode DATAGRAM capsules into QUIC DATAGRAM frames might

> be tempted to let the capsule data accumulate in the data stream. This approach

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
be tempted to let the capsule data accumulate in the data stream until they have received a complete DATAGRAM capsule. This approach
```

can consume flow control in underlying layers, which might lead to deadlocks if

> the capsule length is larger than the flow control window.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the capsule data exhausts the flow control window.
```
